noam.nezer, dbusbib123
Noam Nezer (208080754), david busbib (336224076)
EX: 2
FILES:
uthreads.cpp

REMARKS:
No remarks

ANSWERS:
Q1.
a.sigsetjmp saves the current CPU register context and the signal mask (optional).
  siglongjmp restores the saved CPU register context and signal mask(if saved).

b.sigsetjmp has an optional 'savemask' parameter. If the signal mask was saved, it can be restored with
siglongjmp.

Q2.
A good example for a general use of user level threads would be a web server that handles multiple client connections
 simultaneously.
User-level threads allow the server to manage many connections efficiently without the overhead of kernel-level threads.
User-level threads have many advantages in this example:
they can be switched between much faster than kernel-level threads
Since user-level threads do not require system calls to create, manage, or synchronize, the overall overhead is lower
compared to kernel threads.
A web server using user-level threads can scale to handle a larger number of connections because it is not limited by
the kernel's thread management capabilities.

Q3.

Advantages:
Isolation - If one tab crashes, it does not affect other tabs because each process runs in its own address space.
Memory Protection - Each process has its own separate address space, reducing the chance of memory problems spreading
between tabs.
Performance - By using separate processes, the browser can take better advantage of the fact that modern computer have
multiple cores.

Disadvantages:
Higher Overhead - Each process requires its own memory space which causes a higher memory consumption compared to
threads.
Reaching a resources limit - the OS might have limits on the number of processes that can be created.

Q4.
a.The pid is: 48183
b.The application was terminated
c.The interrupts involved are:
1. keyboard interrupts - when typing the command in the shell and pressing enter. Each of these signals is generated by
the keyboard and interpreted by the os.

2.shell interrupts - when using the kill command and pressing enter, the shell must receive a signal and execute it.
3. os interrupts - the os must take care of the signals terminating the application - sigterm and in case sigterm was
not enough to terminate the application, it must handle sigkill which terminate the application.

Q5.
Real Time is the actual time that passes in the real world.
It is measured by physical clocks.
For example, real-time operating systems.

Virtual Time is an abstraction that represents the progression of time within a program,
which may advance at a different pace from real-world time.
For example, our exercise - user-level threads